414
A National Library fol C hina
BY C H IH -BE R K W E I, P h. D. (¹ð±¦£©Director,National Central University Library,NankingTHE progress of modern library development in ChinaEmerging from several thousand years of isolationthe garb of scientific spirit, this ancient country of theOrient,the mother of Far Eastern civilization,is toastonish the world with her debut into the modern librarymovement.If the Father of the Chinese Republic,Dr.Sun Yat-sen, were still living today, he would surelyadvocate the inauguration of a national central library,public and school libraries throughout the length andbreadth of the country. No person could understand hisphilosophy without identifying himself in the establishment of an institution,which is going to promote know-ledge.Furthermore, in view of the fact that all the im-portant countries of Europe and America have royal ornational libraries, the need of a national central librarylocated at the seat of the Chinese Government among themany institutions of great importance is becoming mostapparent...According to announcement, the Minister ofEducation,Dr. Chu Chia-hua,has decided to establish alibrary which is national in scope,with the main purposeof preserving for posterity the literature of China,inaddition tobeing an active factor in encouragingresearch.This far-sighted move is merely one step forward to putChina in the family of nations.For example,GreatNationale,and America, the Library of Cengress. As arational in no sense except ownership.However, China is not a land without libraries. Ac-cording to old and reliable reeords of Chinese historysearly as 2650 B.C., and the first librarian was Laotzewho found Taoism and wrote the Book of the Way andVirtue.For his works Confucius even consulted him formaterial. There are sufficient references from Laotze'stime to the present,concerning the development of Chineselibraries.The marked difference in the concept of the functionsofa library takes place since the establishment of theChinese Republic.Originally the library might be useduse it. Now it is made free to all for reference. Thethought of taking any book from the older libraries wasas preposterous as that of borrowing specimens or picturesfrom a museum.Later the favored few might borrow;and nowadays comes the broad plan of lending freelyThe express,mail,and telephone are used astoall.yarious devices to make books more accessible.When Dr. Chu Chia-hua ordered in the first part ofin Nanking,it is believed that the library should havethese two functions,to witas a storehouse of£¨1£©books and knowledge;(2)as a laboratory for studyand research.Besides its directservice to readers,togovernment employees,it should give much bibliographicits publications, whichinformation by mail and throughmay be distributed freely to institutions and serious in-Up to this writing,part of the Examinationvestigators.Yuan has been assigned as the temporary site. One setin the Imperial Palace,Peiping, will be moved to Nan-king, as the nucleus of the whole collection. At thisjuncture we wish to suggest to the promoters and or-ganizers of the Sun Yat-sen Institute that no institutionmay amplify Dr. Sun's ideas and ideals-his principlesand theories,particularly the Three Principles of thePeoplebetter and more lasting than the NationalCentral Library, dedicated to the people and for theThe possibilities of this new venture are un-people,limited!
Nanking, May 3, 1933.
THE CHINA WEEKLY REVIEW
May 13,1933
Sanctions Against Japan
(From the New Statesman and Nation March ,1088)
The first practical step is to distinguish between an
be a terrible,and we beieve an unnecessary, step.
Economic and diplomaticpressure must be applied
cumulatively and progressiveiy; the Committee set up by
the League to concert aetion against Japan should already
be considering the details of its application.America,
condemning Japan as an aggressor, is expected to join
the Committee, now that Mr. Roosevelt has assumed
office. The committee have a variety of proposals to
consider,the practicability of joint embargoes on arms,
portant matter than munitions from the point of view
embargo on all foreign loans in London,NewYork and
ingly dificult, and incidentally prove an effective means
arms from the Western Powers.
There will no doubt
be dificulties, though if Great Britain,France and the
United States are n earnest,not,we believe,insuperab!e
diffculties inapplying such sanctions.The main thing
is that the Committee should get to work, that Japan
should see that the League and the United States mean
ance everywhere of the fact that Japan is the aggressor,
aggression will be opposed by every effective means in
our power.We disagree with Mr. Churchill in think-
ing that this affair of Japan will soon be over; there is
a long struggle ahead,not only in China but in the West,
between the forces of anarchy as represented by Japan
and those of internationalism as represented by the
League.The most important thing is that we should
step off with the right foot,recognising,in spite of Sir
John Simon,where our interests and obligations lie,and,
unlike him,refusing to excuse the gangsters of the East.
Dr. Hu Shih Will Head Chinese Group at
Banff Conference
The Chinese group which will attend the Fifth Bienn-ial Conference of the Institute of Pacific Relations to beheld in Banff, Canada, August 14 to 28,will be led by Dr.Hu Shih,who is chairman of the China Councilof thefollowing:Dr.Y.T. Tsur, formerly president of Tsing HuaUniversity and now a director of the China Foundationfor the Promotion of Education and Culture.Dr.Wong Wan-hao,director of the National GeologicalDr.Franklin L.Ho,who is research secretary of theChina Council of the I.P.R., and director of the Instituteof Economics at Nankai University.Dr.P.C. Chang, professor at Nankai University;former Dean of Tsing Hua University.L.K.Tao,director of the Institute of Social Research.Y.S.Djang,executive secretary of the ChinaInternational Famine Relief Commission.Mrs. Sophia Chen Zen,editor of the¡°Symposium onChinese Cultureand Professor of History at PeipingNational University,H.C.Zen,executive secretary of the China Founda-tion.Dr.M.T.Z.Tyau,Government offcial,ormer editorof the ¡°Chinese Social and Political Science Review¡±author of many books, the latest-Two Years of Nation-alist China."K.S.Chow,professor at Wuhan University.Dr. Shuhsi Hsu. advisor to Chinese Delegation at theLeague of Nations,author of many books,latest¡°Essayson Manchurian Problem."Dr. Y.Y. Tsu, former head of Religious and SocialWorks Department, Peking Union Medical College; ex-change professoratPacific School of ReligioninBerkeley,Calif.Dr.C.Kuangson Young, former director of the For-eign Relations Commission,recently special CommissionertoEurope.Hubert Liang, secretary of the National CommitteeY.M.C.AK. C.Li, president of Wah Chang Trading Co., NewYork.
