160
WICE Nanking has been the first city of China.Itwas the capital of the country during the earlier partof the seventeenth century.Again, since 1927,ithas become the seat of the National Government. One isfamiliar with the great number and variety of govern-ever, the National Central University, the highest in-stitution oflearning in China,distinguishesitself fromall these in that it is an institution designed for the peoplewho seek to know,whereas all others are more or lessSun Yat-sen's well-known dictum,"To know is moreresponsibility toward the material and educational re-construction of the oldest nation in the world.The National Central University is built upon theCollege,estab-foundation of the Government Teacherslished in 1914 by Han Kuo-chun, then Civil Governor ofa ful-fledged university under the distinguished name,Southeastern Government University.When the Nation-University， then the Kiangsu University,and finally inMay,1928,the National Central University.While the University is in a period of re-organiza-tion under the able leadership of President Lo Chia-lun,there have been eight colleges in the last few years,name-(Nanking),（3) College of Law (Nanking),(4) Collegeof Education （Nanking）,（5) College of Engineering(Nanking,one part of it is located at Soochow),（6)Col-lege of Agriculture (Nanking),（7) College of MedicineThe whole faculty exceeds 250 persons, excluding thetotal number of students averages about two thousand;by the taxes designated by the National Government asthe special education fund, such as the license tax,landtax,butchers tax,etc., amounting to nearly one millionand five hundred thousand dollars annually.The University Library has its nucleus in the Gov-ernment Teachers'College.In those days the conceptionof an educational institution was quite different fromthat of the present time.Almost all the students con-carefully took down all their sayings and studied thetextbooks word by word without looking further intoother authorities. Under such an atmosphere the earlycollection of the library was naturally small, and theof valuable or rare yolumes, chiefy for preserving pur-poses.Books were either arranged by size,or by chrono-logical order,orby diffrentkindsofbinding，orbyor by subject matter.Generally speaking,the librarylargely a collection of books and the librarian its faithfulcustodian. All books were carefully guarded from thecasual readers and could be obtained from the shelvesafter a careful and necessary search.New Methods of Instruction IntroducedSince the inauguration of the Southeastern Govern-ment University on September 5,1921,under the admin-istration of President Ping-wen Kuo who received hisdoctorate in education from Columbia University,NewYork City,new methods of instruction have been in-freedom of though and breadth of view,which are theessentials in the spirit of modern research.No view canbe broad,and no thought impartial without studying theworks of various authorities. Such changes in univer-in the use of the library.Its importance began to beconceived not as a luxury but a daily necessity.Thebooks of the library are as much part of the schoolmachinery as are the various pieces of apparatus in thephysical or chemical laboratory.There was a deep conviction in the mind of the university authorities that there should be three steps in
THE CHINA WEEKLY REVIEWCentralLibraryNational   BY. C H IH -B ER K W EI, P H. D. (桂宝柏)
September 24,1932
Director,National Central University Library,Nankingrenovating the University Library,to wit: (1) by erect-ing a.library building,(2) by enlarging the collection,and （3) by efficient and competent administration.Any attempt to include ali the men and measuresthat contributed toward the construction of the libraryphysical plant would lead too far afield.Suffice it to saythat,inspired with a boundless faith in the future of theacted on the principle thatUniversity，the authoritieywas books, moreone of theessentialsof a universitybooks, and still moreBut howto housebooks.themThereupon theyproblem.adequatelya pressingwasconsented to contribute $150,000 for covering the cost ofthe building，with a hope of perpetuating the memory ofhis father, Ch'i Meng-fang,as well as of indicating hisbelief in the educational value of the printed page,OnJanuary 4,1932,in the presence of an enthusiastic gather-ing of many prominent persons,the corner-stone was laidwith speeches by several leading personages,includingDr.Paul Monroe of Columbia University,New York City，who was visiting China at that particular moment.InApril, 1923,the whole building was brought to comple-tion,taking the shape of the English letter T.It is ofconcrete and steel skeleton construction,faced with bricktwo stories,well equipped with the modern methods ofheating and ventilating.There are four main readingrooms,with a capacity ofaccommodating 350 readerssimultaneously.The interior of the building gives animpression of cheerfulness coupled with dignity.Desks,tables and chairs for all public rooms were speciallydesigned and installed for the convenience and comfort ofthe readers.The book stacks,made by the famous Beth-vided into four tiers with 640 cases of shelves, with atotal capacity of 80,000 fascicles and 60,000Englishvolumes. Along the stacks near the windows are smallcarrels for the use of professors,advanced students andvisiting scholarswhengranted the privilege of using thestack room.The whole building, covering an area of6,400 square feet,marks the foundation of library activities, expressing to its patrons its outward permanenceand significance.A Host of BenefactorsIt is needless to state that no university work canbe done without materials of study and research,namelyprior to theoccupaney of the newbuilding，the library，being devoid of fire-prevention,was almost entirely des-troyed by fire. No effort or opportunity was thereforespared to inerease the contents. The response from theChinese public was both enthusiastie and generous. Somepresented their own publications,while others depositedposal of theinstitution.While it isnot feasibleto set forth in the limited space every gift,the library ishung,Judge Wang Chung-hui,Admiral Tsai Ting-kan,Commercial Press,Fu Hsing Flour Company,Wing OnCompany,and so forth.As to the gifts of books, therelington Koo,Honorable Liang Ch'i-ch'ao,Dr. Chen Ta,Honorable Chu Chao-hsin, Marshal Wu Pei-fu,Mr.MoHsiang-yueh, and so on.Alibrary is not merely a building,nor a collectionof books, but a dynamie organization whose high funetionis to render a service of enlightenment.During the pastdecade, the library has been fortunate in securing theHung Yu-feng, Pi Chung-shih,andservices of Messrs.Tai Tse-chien as librarians, and Messrs. Tsui Ping-tsun,Yang Kongta, and Yuan I-chen as acting librarians.With due respeet to these gentlemen for their accomplish-ments,there still leaves much room for improvement.In the first place the growing importance of the Univer-sity Library was never so great as now. Secondly,manyphases of the library work which have not been consider-ed as important are calling for special attention.developmentofFor instance,inthe pasttheofthelibraryhas been moreorcollectiontheless a haphazard process. Number of volumes has been
September 24,1932
THE CHINA WEEKLY REVIEW
161
a dominant feature. Conditions today are different,andas time goes on,it may be safely assumed that greaterattention will have to be paid to the selection and order-ing of library material.水药臭林亚Before closing,it is necessary to point out that the“O L I N G”tional Government, the various departments of the Gov-ernment call for reference material all the time. Pend-ing the establishment of the national library,no other Disinfecting Fluidadequately than the University Library.Nanking, September 15,1932.To protect yourselves against dangerous,Local Chinese Masonic Lodge Installed byPhilippine Groupinvisible germs,to prevent the spread ofAs the result of a request made twenty months agoinfectious diseases, it is always necessary oby the recently created Chinese Amity Masonic Lodge inShanghai for a charter from the Philippine Grand Lodge,sprayparty from the Philippine Grand Lodge came up from"OLING"DISINFECTING FLUIDMainla and in a brilliant ceremony on September 16installedAmity Lodge.The ceremony was held in the EnglishObtainable atMasonic Temple.A hanquet in the Chinese Banker's ClubAll Dealers or fromRosario,who arrived in Shanghai September 15. TheManila visitore have in the meantime returned home.Amity Lodge is comprised principally of Chinese althoughINTERNATIONAL DISPENSARYa few Americans are included. The Chinese membershipcomprises principally prominent business men and officials,among the latter being Dr. C. T. Wang, former Ministerof Foreign Afairs who participated in the inauguralceremonies of Amity Lodge.Prominent among the581 Foochow Road, ShanghaiAmerican members is Julean Arnold,American CommercialAttache. The inauguration of Amity Lodge marks thefirst occasion on which a Philippine group has authorized房药大洲五a lodge outside of the Philippines.Japanese Foreign Office ExoneratesNational City BankJoseph Grew,U. S.Ambassador at Tokyo reported toand business buildings in Osaka by the National City Bankbranch on instructions from its New York headquarters.Experience is A Great Teacher.The United Press points out that the Japanese ForeignEspecially in bringing up Children.office statement was not directed to theJapanese public,butwas made only through official channels to the U.S. StateMothers and fathers toc will no doubt recall thedifficulties they had with their first child. There iswere not taking any steps towards stopping the attacks ofso much to learn about the best way of keeping thethe Japanese newspapers in connection with the incident,which are continuing.child healthy and happy. Failing actual experienceofyour own the next best guide is the experience ofothers.One of the most difficult times is the teethingDr.Alfred Sze Proceeds to U. S.A.period.---Dr.Yen at GenevaAt this trying time there is no friend like Baby'sDr.Alfred Sze,the former Chinese minister at London,the health-needs of babies and young children. Readwho handled China’s case before the League of Nationsthe following letter from a grateful parent.early this year,has proceeded to the United States on whatis believed to be a mission on behalf on the Chinese Govern-“Experience isa great teacher”writes Mrs.(Rev)ment.Dr. Sze departed fromAmerica September 15.M.E.Conron, of 187,Marlboro St, Brantford,Dr.W.W. Yen, minister at Washington and ChineseCanada.representative on the Council of the League of Nations,When baby beganthing about Baby's Own Tablets.was in London last week to discuss the Far Easternto cut his teeth he was cross and feverish and wouldsituation with the Chinese minister in London, Quo Tai-to get quite exhausted. One day when my husband,Quo and Dr. Yen have in the meantime proceeded to Geneva.they worked wonders. In twenty-four hours we hada different baby.Now we have a family of six littleNew Contingent of U. S. Marines.Arrivesoneswithwhomwe have used no othermedicine butBaby's Own Tablets. They are splendid for thein Shanghaichildren and babies,preventing colds from developing18Upwards of 400 United States marines arrived inbeyond the early stages. And because they areShanghai September19. Of the new men,part comprisepleasant to take we have no trouble in administeringthem,nor are there any griping effects. We certainlyrecommend them to all parents.Once used no onetogether with the old detachment,bring the strength of thewould be without them."United States forces in Shanghai to almost 2,00o men.Baby's Own Tablets, the health regulators forthe little ones,are on sale at chemists and medicineon Bubbling Well Road west of the Race Course whichdealers everywhereAnew mess hall about a block and a half west from theRace Course accommodates the new men.
